## Abstract – E Real Estate: An Auction-Based Online Platform for Buying and Selling Properties

With 'E Real Estate', I intend to allow users to buy or sell their property which includes land, building, and flats online in an auction-style e-commerce website. This system will eliminate the excessive cost of hiring brokers and frustrating process of finding both: available properties to purchase and customer who wants to buy property; on time. This system is expected to minimize the possibility of fraud in the sense that any of the interested people can offer their bid to property and one can easily find if it is the right price for the property or not. And because the buyers and sellers both are thoroughly investigated for their legal right over the property they post, there will be no or just minimum chance of fraud than the regular method. Users will be given full control over their contents which means they can create, view, and delete the contents posted by them (conditions apply). Since the system gives a platform for the same user to perform both actions: buying and selling; this system can be considered multipurpose on the user's end. The system helps users to find a suitable property to purchase using the search feature which provides a handful of tools to filter search contents. Using the power and potential of python programming language working with technologies like Maria DB, Redis, ASGI, Bootstrap, jQuery, etc., this system is expected to be user-friendly and robust. So, from this project, 1 intend to build an Online Real Estate Business platform.


### [Intellectual property (IP) Notice](https://github.com/nightmaregaurav/project-docs-vault?tab=readme-ov-file#%EF%B8%8F-intellectual-property-notice)
### [Disclaimer](https://github.com/nightmaregaurav/project-docs-vault?tab=readme-ov-file#-disclaimer)
