## Abstract – Third Eye: A Digital Platform for Managing Medical Histories and Enhancing Doctor–Patient Communication

Medical Report plays very important role in cure of any disease. But if the medical history of a patient is way big and if there is many such hand written reports, it is hard for anyone to extract required information out of them. With 'Third Eye', I intend to allow doctors to get managed information about medical history of the patient. It will give a platform for research level doctors or medical student to do research from those real time medical history. Doctors will get a platform to write medical report in electric medium, allowing them to manage their appointments with patients so that risky and unsecured traditional paper file method will be replaced. Additionally, Third Eye will allow users to print their medical report in hard and or soft copy it will be easy to extract and share only required part. The records will be grouped categorically. Doctors will be allowed to comment or write review on old reports so that old reports may also be explained for new issue. Patients will also be able to login and access their medical history and status.

Data Entry Clerks can also be appointed. All records from particular hospital can be accessed from anywhere in the world. Database administrator will have responsibility of managing and control the flow of data and verification of real user. So, from this project, I hope to build a basic system to manage medical information, under the title "Third Eye".


### [Intellectual property (IP) Notice](https://github.com/nightmaregaurav/project-docs-vault?tab=readme-ov-file#%EF%B8%8F-intellectual-property-notice)
### [Disclaimer](https://github.com/nightmaregaurav/project-docs-vault?tab=readme-ov-file#-disclaimer)
